samples: cellular: nrf_provisioning: Refactor to use conn_mgr (#22472)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added support for native simulator platform and updated the documentation accordingly.

* :ref:`nrf_provisioning_sample` sample:

>   * Refactored the sample to use Zephyr's Connection Manager feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the sample to use Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:conn_mgr_docs` feature.
```
I believe this is about https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/zephyr/connectivity/networking/conn_mgr/index.html
